== Xtunes Project Summary

Xtunes is a sample project created to highlight my skills as a jr rails developer and hopefully show enough skills and potential to get hired as a full time rails developer. The application is the final assigned project of the 6 week Web Development Immersive Course taught by General Assembly in New York City.

Business Intent: XTunes is a small record company that has decided that they need an online store to promote their artists and songs. They are an indie record company with a strong, loyal fan base and want to have a place where they can view and buy music and create online playlists. Jen T is the CEO of XTunes Records and contacted you to build an app for her.

There will be three main roles. There will be a single admin who is responsible for managing all of the albums, songs, genres and artists. There will be guests who can view and search songs by title, artist, genre and album, and purchase music (login will be part of the checkout flow) and there will be logged in users who can view their purchase history, play purchased songs and create mix tapes.

The application is hosted on Heroku at: http://xtunes-sc.herokuapp.com/


== Tools used in the code

1. The application uses CarrierWave to upload images and songs which are stored on a bucket using Amazon S3.

2. Twitter Bootstrap and Simple Form were used to add some respectable styling to the application.

3. Ransack was used to add search functionality for the songs and to add sorts to the songs tables to make finding songs much easier.

4. jPlayer and jPlayer playlist was used to create the player used for the mixtapes.

5. Gon was used to pass the song title and url to jPlayerPlaylist js code.

6. Devise was used for user authentication.

7. Foreman was used since local environment variables had to be created for the secret codes required for uploads to S3.

8. Annotate and Pry were used to assist in development. 

